hello friends today the second helicopter
artillado of the big blows if
they want to see the first one I'm going to leave them
the link in the description of this video
but well let's concentrate on this
vehicle that has a firepower
impressive has two modules of
weapons on each side that is four in
total plus most surely have a
machine gun on the front these
modules can be used to
machine guns or for missiles and we're going to
see what real- life vehicle what
they took many say that it is about
apache ah-64 however there is more
differences that suggest that you do not know
it's about apache that is rather about
of another vehicle because because it
they seem very few to say that the
tire layout the body of the
helicopter does not resemble anything else
well it looks like a thousand 25 thousand 25 if
It bears a striking resemblance let
with the similarities the first resemblance that
have with the 25 is this system of
suspension for the tires is a
retractable system is retractable
then when the helicopter takes off
the tires are hidden and that lid
in the upper part of the red circle
closes and makes the helicopter
it's totally aerodynamic and now
let's see him in real life here
we have the same suspension system and
apart from the cover that is the cover
metal that surely closes
when the tires are hidden and then
well let's go with the second likeness
the second resemblance is the system of
escape this exhaust system that has
has a way as global is is more
well no no no this circle is more
uncomfortable overall and protrudes from the body
of the helicopter in real life too
protrudes from the body of the helicopter without
however it makes it less brusque here what
we already have as it stands out and 7 al seems
which is an oval shape why not say
that no no no no seems circle seems the
oval shape that part that let's say that that
escape also looks too much and
this similarity is also impressive
the shape of these lateral wings when
start in the fuselage part of the
helicopter starting a very way
wide and they are shrinking they go
narrowing as he moves away
has appeared is also very
awesome now we're going to see it in the
Real life does not reach to
appreciate for the part let's say for the
take the picture but that's not how it is
we will also see it with other
photographs that I'm going to put at the end
of this video so you can see it
better and well then let's go with the last
like this helicopter the last
resemblance basically refers to the
way in which the wing ends up doing
a 45 degree angle continues towards
down and well then that let's say it's the
seemed more forceful because they see what
which is the 25 in real life also
has that structure down at 45
degrees is totally identical to this
helicopter almost we can almost secure
that were based on 25 and really this
is the real life helicopter as
good friends this was information from
second helicopter gunship coming
for the big blows they say
You look like you or looks greetings
for car more ram goodbye
how good
if not